[singing] MTV
[RuPaul's "Who is She"]
[singing] Who is she?
We are one week away
from crowning
America's Next Drag Superstar.
But tonight,
we celebrate the biggest cast
of the biggest season ever,
and they are ready
to let loose.
That was a lovely fairy tale.
Let me give y'all the truth.
[laughter]
Legendary lip syncs...
Luminous looks...
It's... not good.
And all the drag queen
drama, mama.
- It really hurt.
- The chapter's closed.
Ooh!
Did you make that up?
[dramatic musical flourish]
[singing] RuPaul's Drag Race
The winner
of "RuPaul's Drag Race"
receives a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics
and a gag-worthy grand prize
of $200,000
served by Cash App.
[singing]
RuPaul's Drag Race
May the best drag queen
Best drag queen win
[tires squealing]
From the theater
at the Ace Hotel
in downtown Los Angeles,
bring back my girls.
[singing] Bring back
my girls
I don't stir the pot.
[scoffs]
I smoke it.
Ain't no rest
for this bitch face.
Is the aura in here sickening,
or is it just me?
I may have gone home first,
but I'm also a bitch.
Most girls follow
the script.
I flip it.
I may have been cut
before the finale,
but Loose-ing
is the new winning.
I didn't ask to be
the beauty standard.
I was just born this way.
I may be a babydoll,
but I'm not to be played with.
If you come for me,
I will apologize immediately.
I may be a mistress,
but, honey,
I'm Ru's main bitch.
[titters]
I'm quitting drag.
You're welcome.
Bad bitchery is
as bad bitchery does.
You may see a little
Latin boy in drag crying,
but I see a nice pair
of EsTitties.
[snickers]
I'm still
your favorite drag queen's
favorite drag queen.
both: We're not as annoying
as we look.
Or are we?
Ugh, I'm bored.
[upbeat music]
Welcome to
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited."
Now, in one week, Anetra,
Luxx Noir London,
Mistress Isabelle Brooks,
and Sasha Colby will tear up
this very stage
as they battle for the title
of America's
Next Drag Superstar.
But tonight,
it's all about the sisterhood,
because right now,
there is so much more at stake,
and once again, drag queens
are on the frontlines
fighting for freedom.
And you can help.
Scan this QR code and support
the ACLU Drag Defense Fund now.
Can I get an amen?
all: Amen.
When they go low,
we go, "Hiii!"
So shoulders back, tits out,
and let's celebrate the light,
love, and laughter
that is season 15.
Can I get a neck crack?
[whip cracks]
[laughter]
Let's go.
Back for our 15th lap...
Yes, mama!
The stunts and the shenanigans
are just getting started.
[lip-synching] You better
walk that fucking duck
[cheers and laughter]
[all screaming]
Uh, howdy, y'all.
[whip cracks]
[laughter]
[as Joan Rivers] The only
thing that's worse than flying
is sex with my ex-husband.
[lip-synching] These are
our golden years
I was like,
oh, my God, that's a star.
Can I get a halleloo?
all: Halleloo!
If you're gonna swing big,
this would be the place
to do it.
[gasps] Vertebrae, you stay.
It looks like something that
would be from the Met Gala.
Can we some water,
'cause that zebra is panting.
It's giving me
House of Monáe.
When you turned the corner,
I gasped.
Baby, she tore that shit up.
Can we just talk
about this look?
If you had asked me if I'd be
hosting a television show
back then,
you know what my answer
would have been?
- Yes?
- Yes!
This is our 200th episode.
You don't look
a day over 100.
[laughter]
Now who's gonna
read the will?
both: Eww!
If you stay machete,
you ain't gotta get machete!
Can we please talk
about that fucking lip sync?
[dramatic electronic music]
[cheers]
America's Next
Drag Superstar needs
to have all the right moves.
For the first time
this season,
shantay, you both stay.
[laughing]
I think drag is the most
joyous art form that there is.
That is the greatest thing
in the world to hear,
especially at a time
like this where there's
so many people trying to take
down queer representation.
We still shouldn't
be having, like,
problems about drag queens
reading a story to kids.
The whole thing is,
we don't want our kids
exposed to this because
drag queens are gonna be
like a bad influence on them.
My queer family took me
to my first drag show,
and it saved my life.
And it's made this life
such a joy to live.
[lip-synching] Drag is a fight
Drag is a protest
Drag only reveals
who you really are
I think that queer people
just saying,
we can't be fucked with the
way that y'all think we can,
that's going to be
the driving force for change.
It's no accident
you're standing on this stage.
- Top four.
- Top four!
[all cheering]
I know how hard this is.
You should be very,
very proud of yourselves.
- [cheers and laughter]
- Yas!
Now, each season
I'm curious to find out
what my girls take away
from their time at "Drag Race."
But this season, one queen
took more than others.
[laughs]
Mistress, is there anything
you'd like to tell us?
Um, you know, I took away
so many lovely lessons,
of course, Ru.
Because apparently
all the queens voted you
the girl most likely
to steal your stuff.
Might've taken a book or two,
some earrings...
[laughter]
Did anybody
see her taking anything?
Put that motherfucking
hand down.
[laughter]
She left me a note
asking for one of my wigs,
and she told me
she wouldn't fuck with me
if I didn't give it to her.
And here we are.
Nice to see you, Eileen.
[laughter]
Did you decide to take things
when you got there,
or did you have a plan
before you got there
that you would take things?
What's less time in prison?
Premeditated or...
[laughter]
But I'm not the only one.
Miss Walk That Duck,
tell her what you took too.
- [laughter]
- I don't know.
Look, season 16
the lights will be
a little dim,
let's just say that.
- Okay.
- Anetra took a light bulb.
- Don't be shy, bitch.
- It was--
listen, "Drag Race" was lit,
and I wanted a piece of it.
- Okay.
- Now.
Well, Mistress,
I have to inform you,
you will be getting a bill.
[laughter]
Now, this season for the first
time in "Drag Race" herstory,
we had twins.
Take a look.
Well, this doesn't look
like the toy store.
Sweetie, that was my line.
Ugh, whatever.
- I'm Sugar.
- And I'm Spice.
And we're the dolls...
both: That came to life.
So you certainly are
Sugar's sister.
We should really just
be called Canned and Bit.
Yeah, we have so many bits,
and they're so canned.
We have all the good bits.
Sugar and Spice
are a fucking hoot.
[upbeat electronic music]
[laughter]
Eh.
God, I'm annoying.
[laughter]
[singing] Jesus, you are
my best friend
[laughing goofily]
I'm just gonna do this
for my own sanity.
- Let me go to the end.
- I'm gonna move you
- down to the end.
- Let me go to the end.
After I got shut down,
I was like,
okay, let me just
take a back seat.
You're still on probation
to being "my daughter."
Okay.
I have to get it together.
Let me teach you
lesson number one.
You do not let
a bitch step over you.
You clock 'em the first time
so they won't ever do it again.
I'm done with apologizing
for being too much.
Like, whatever.
Let me own it.
This is a twin sync...
[clicks tongue]
For your life.
[cheers and laughter]
all: Aww.
Now, Sugar and Spice,
you came in as outsiders,
but you adapted pretty quickly.
What have you learned?
Wow.
I hate to be,
like, Miss America,
but honestly,
I've learned that I'm
way stronger than I think.
Going through this experience,
you have to be mentally there.
If you are not--
it will show, you know?
And it will break you.
And also I learned
that we're way more similar
than we realize.
Like, coming in, I definitely
really wanted to make friends
and have that sense
of community
because for us,
we were stuck in the suburbs,
like, hiding in our house
doing drag.
We were like caged animals,
never used to talking
to people in drag before.
Do you still feel that way,
like caged animals?
Sometimes I feel like
a Chihuahua
or a rottweiler, one of those.
Sugar's going
on her tangents.
But basically, I feel like
I learned a lot...
[stifled laughter]
But mostly that--like she said,
that I'm strong enough.
But what's interesting,
I will say, is that--
wait, I lost my thought.
[laughter and chatter]
- Listen, it's all right.
- The last two brain cells.
You're my other brain cell.
You find it.
Okay.
Who was the first born?
Me.
So I actually--
I'm born 57 minutes older.
And normally, twins are, like,
one minute apart, but, um--
But I always say,
I kicked you out of the womb.
- Yeah, kind of.
- And you know, I was chillin'.
Well, I kicked you out
of the competition so--
Oh.
all: Ooh!
[laughter]
What were you doing
in the womb for 57 minutes?
Oh, I was
getting comfortable.
Imagine--okay,
imagine being cooped up
in your mother's womb for,
like, nine months.
Sweetie, I kicked her out,
and I go,
ooh, I got some breathing room.
[laughter]
Now, Mistress, you had doubts
about the twins at first why?
The Houston, Texas,
drag scene's very traditional.
And we really don't have
queens like Sugar and Spice.
So in that aspect,
when I first saw them,
I was kind of like, bitch,
stop playing in my profession.
I think that's a book title.
[laughter]
Drag is very serious to me.
And I'm the fucking
gatekeeper of drag.
- Like, I don't care.
- The mayor of Dragville.
Someone's gotta
keep the gates.
A lot of us came up
in the club scene,
and for me,
when I saw the twins,
I felt the same way
as Mistress.
I was like, stop playing
in my profession.
And I had to humble myself
and realize that there's not
one right way
to be a full-time drag queen.
I love that.
Now, this season was
the era of the eras.
Take a look.
Well, girls, I'm officially
entering my top era.
In the words of Mistress,
I'm in my winning era.
I'm just so happy for you,
'cause I feel like
you're finally entering
your bitch era.
[laughter]
I'm starting
my Congeniality era right now.
[laughter]
Bitch, Mistress has more eras
than Cher or Madonna, girl.
I am entering my angel era.
Fallen angel.
What Mistress era
are we in right now?
We are in the top three era.
[laughter]
It's the end
to my Congenial era.
I'm entering my chaotic era.
Oh, no.
It wasn't chaotic before?
Shut up!
What I would like to see
is her skinny era, bitch.
Let's see that.
[laughs]
[laughter]
So, Mistress,
what makes an era an era?
You know, a era--
you know, some of the girls
I think heard "error"...
[laughter]
When you're in your era,
it's however you're feeling,
like, right now
I'm in my angelic era,
I'm feeling very congenial era.
So, like, you can have multiple
going on at the same time.
And they can have
multiple meanings.
Like, when I said
I'm in my top era,
I meant on top
of the toy shelves,
collector edition.
She's in her vers era now.
Yes.
Yes, of course.
Now, queens, is there anyone
who wants to announce
a new era?
I'm in my screen time era.
[laughter]
That part.
It's been a really long time.
Any other eras
before we move on?
Well, I'm
in my nailification era.
I don't even consider myself
on the show,
'cause I wasn't
wearing nails then.
both:
You're not wearing nails now.
Uh--
[laughter]
- She's in her glove era.
- Oh, my God.
Well, queens, I wanna announce
my go-to-bed-at-8:00-p.m. era.
[laughter]
Now we're gonna be
right back after this.
singing]
I bring the beat
Welcome back to
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited."
Losing is the new winning,
but this season,
everybody wanted
to be number two.
Let's take a look.
I feel pretty good
to have been in the top two.
I would like to say
it's the top two.
- [laughs]
- Let's go with that.
Okay.
[laughter]
The CDC should really look
into making
a drag delusion vaccine,
because at this point
in the competition,
the drag delusion might
be contagious.
Okay, so what's the rank?
Third.
Second.
First.
I think first, second.
[laughter]
First, second, third.
First, second.
Okay.
You said that you thought
you were gonna be second.
- Mm-hmm.
- And you were second.
[laughter]
Marcia thought
she was in second place.
As someone who was there
in reality,
um, she wasn't amazing.
I was behind you
in the ranking.
Marcia, being realistic,
I don't think you would be
behind her because your look is
kind of cheap,
and I don't think
during Snatch Game
- that you were that funny.
- Ohh.
I mean, I really felt
y'all were, like,
gonna be ahead of me.
Um, how do you all feel?
- I'm surprised.
- Yeah.
I really expected to win.
Are we that shocked?
Loosey thinks she should
win every week.
I'm fucking pissed.
Very, very upset
that I was not in the top.
Okay.
[laughter]
All right,
let's talk about this, okay?
Now, Rosie O'Donnell
versus Tim Gunn.
Mistress, Marcia,
who's number two?
I think you're thinking
about Rosie O'Donnell
mixed with Abby Lee Miller.
[laughter]
Um, you know,
Marcia, I'll let you have it.
- What do you think, babe?
- Yeah, I mean,
in terms of, like,
the Snatch Game,
my impression was better
than Rosie O'Miller.
- Rosie O'Miller?
- Rosie O'Miller.
Um...
Queens,
what do you think of that?
Well, it's not hard for you
to impersonate a man.
- all: Ooh.
- Okay, all right.
I feel like, even though
people think it's funny
we're fighting for second place
or here and there,
we still want
our cahoots, bitch.
You know, the fans be
making points systems.
- Exactly.
- So it does matter at the end
of the day because that's
how they rank it.
- But does it?
- But also, in the argument
with Marcia, I don't care
about being number two.
Actually, I never brought it up
in "Untucked."
Marcia brought it up
that she thought she ranked
higher than me, which is why
I had to gather the girls
and clock the tea.
All right, next,
in All Queens Go to Heaven,
Luxx versus Loosey.
Who's number two?
I would say
that I'm number two.
[laughing] - Um,
and I base that
strictly off
of how it was called.
They called,
Loosey, you're safe.
Luxx, you're safe.
Sasha, you won.
So in my head,
that's third, second, first.
But also, I just--
I'm always gonna think
that I did amazing.
And I thought--
and I thought that I did
a really good job
in the challenge.
I got rave reviews
for my runway.
And--I mean, as you did too.
But in my head, like--
[laughter]
In my head, of course
you're gonna put yourself--
- like, you know.
- Yeah.
All right,
let's talk about the "50/50"
newsmagazine challenge.
Luxx versus Loosey again.
Who's number two?
I think I might have
been number two.
[laughter]
Let's talk about both
of those challenges
and who was number one though.
[all exclaiming]
Luxx and Loosey,
why do you think
there was such tension
between the two of you?
- both: I don't know...
- If I would call it--
[laughter]
I'll say it:
sexual magnetism.
Oh, okay.
I think we just both really,
really, really wanted
to win everything.
- Yeah.
- And so when you get close,
it sucks--believe me.
- Yeah.
- It sucks.
Your Joan Rivers
in the Snatch Game was
- perfection.
- Thank you.
But after being safe
in Daytona Wind,
you were, and I quote,
both: "Fucking pissed."
[laughter]
Why?
Why were you fucking pissed?
I--I took a couple more sips
of those
House of Love cocktails
than maybe I should have.
- Uh-huh.
- And, uh, you know--
- [laughs]
- They'll get you, girl.
I was in my feels,
and I felt like I, um--
I don't know,
I just wanted to win.
Yeah.
No, you were great in that.
Now, Mistress of course had
something to say about that.
You had a term for what
she was going through.
What was that?
You know, a little bit of
drag delusion here and there.
Did anybody else suffer
from drag delusion?
You know, it was going around
to all the contestants.
All the girls were a little
delusional at some point.
But then someone said
I might have been patient zero.
So I don't know.
[laughter]
And I think that person was
absolutely right.
[laughter]
- Now, Amethyst and Robin...
- Oh, boy.
You know Loosey
from back home.
[laughter]
Did her reaction
surprise you at all?
I distinctly remember--
I think it was
right when I started drag,
in the dressing room--
it was one of our first
shows together--
and "Drag Race" was brought up.
And I--and I quote,
"If I don't win every fucking
challenge on that show"--
She has drag delusion
right now.
I don't know
what she's talking about.
You lie, you lie,
and you lie so much.
Now, Loosey, a lot
of people really appreciated
your spirit and your talent.
And here's a message
from one of them.
Okay.
Hey, this is Kev
with a message for Loosey.
Hey, your performance
in "Wigloose" was off the hook.
Condragulations,
and lots of love.
You really know
how to cut loose.
Cut, cut loose!
- [overlapping chatter]
- Oh, my God.
That is absolutely bonkers.
Yes.
One degree of Kevin Bacon.
And were you surprised by that?
Um, yeah, absolutely.
I mean, he--he tweeted at me
a couples weeks ago,
which felt amazing,
specifically because,
of course,
he's famous for "Footloose."
But yeah, that was so cool.
- Oh, my God.
- That's great.
Now, Loosey, in other news,
your original song,
"Let Loose,"
has gone viral.
- Yes.
- Let's take a look.
[lip-synching] So
you better beware
Let loose,
I said let loose
You're holdin' it together,
baby, what's the use?
Let loose
[laughter]
- I love it.
- But can we talk
about the international implications
of why that song went vi--
like, it's so--
like, it was ironic
that you were Loo--
and then you weren't loose,
and then you were loose,
and that's how it became viral.
Like, you were so not loose,
you were loose.
- Like, it's iconic.
- Irene's line of,
"She's singing
about letting loose,
- but she's standing there..."
- Standing as rigid
- as a dead fish.
- "Like a rigid fish."
[laughter]
So, Loosey, do you think
you can let loose now?
Oh, I can definitely
let loose--
if I listen to the song
every day.
Okay, come on, every--
all the queens, let's say it.
all: Let loose!
We'll be right back
after this.
[singing] Let loose,
I said let loose
You're holdin' it together,
baby, what's the use?
Let loose
[upbeat music]
Welcome back to
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited"
with the queens of season 15.
Now, every week we look forward
to a lip sync for your life.
But this season,
we had lip syncs to die for.
Our first lip sync was
Sasha versus Anetra
in the LaLaPaRuza.
Now, Sasha,
what was your state of mind
going into that lip sync?
I was ready
to dance with this one,
'cause I know
she's a powerhouse.
Right, no,
so you're both very young.
How long do you think
you can be able to do
all of that kind of acrobatics?
Like, ten more minutes.
[laughter]
And then it's over.
And so what do
you other queens think
of that lip sync in particular?
- Oh, it was--
- Oh, it was everything.
It was hands down one
of the most amazing lip syncs.
I'll never count to eight
the same way again.
[laughter]
I think we're all happy
we didn't have
to lip-synch against either
of them.
all: Yeah.
Up next, the lip sync
Michelle Visage called
her favorite of all time.
That's Anetra versus Marcia.
Marcia, what happened
out there?
I said, you know what,
we're gonna strap on
the performer boots,
and we're gonna just
give it everything we've got.
And if we're gonna go out,
we're gonna go out kicking
and backbending, I guess.
Well, you certainly did.
You were fantastic.
In fact, you know,
the Internet lit up
because they felt it should
have been a double save.
I mean, there's definitely
validation in it.
But I mean, I think--
I'm a very strong performer.
I know that about myself.
But I was, at the time--
and I still am a little bit--
a little green for drag.
So I tried my darndest.
Yeah.
Now, did either of you watch
that lip sync
in a public place,
like at a viewing party?
I was at
a viewing party, yes.
- Uh-huh.
- And what was
the reaction in the room?
It was like watching
straight people watch,
like, football.
- Yes.
- Not the halftime show,
'cause that's for us.
[laughter]
I don't it's a coincidence
that Anetra was in two
of the best lip syncs
of the season.
- You're a phenomenal performer.
- Thank you.
Every time you would start
flubbing a challenge,
I'd get excited.
[laughter]
We get to see
her perform tonight.
Do a trick, pony.
Yeah, now, in the LaLaPaRuza,
you all had to make
several many choices.
Now, Malaysia...
- Oh, gosh.
- You were up first.
Let's take a look.
Malaysia,
now you get to choose
your opponent.
Girl, just say my name.
Come on.
Give the girls what they want,
Malaysia versus Mistress.
Who do you choose?
[dramatic music]
Marcia Marcia Marcia.
[laughter]
Why'd you pick me?
Um, it was no reason.
Honestly, I just went blank,
and I was like--
you was next to me.
I call bullshit.
I feel like you really thought
you were gonna slay Marcia.
No.
I mean--
[laughter]
Now, Malaysia,
why did you pick Marcia?
I don't know.
[laughs]
Still you don't know?
Honestly...
- Go ahead.
- When you look back
at the show, um,
Mistress had already put
a target on Marcia,
Loosey, and Spice,
and named them the three
weakest lip-synchers.
But I always gave...
- When did that happen?
- Marcia her praise,
especially after seeing
her talent show.
I had never seen Spice
or Loosey perform
besides "Letting Loose."
Um...
[laughter]
Mistress had her eye
on another song.
And she told me
that she would do
the song that I wanted to do,
which was Celine,
"It's All Coming Back
to Me Now."
Yeah, I was like,
she gonna flip the script, so.
And when I was looking,
I think Marcia was next to me,
so that was the easy choice.
That was a lovely fairy tale.
Let me give y'all the truth.
[laughter]
So my sister made
the right decision,
because I'm a filthy
fucking liar.
I would not have
chose Celine Dion.
We would've been twirling
to "Tell It to My Heart."
So I think Malaysia
kind of knew what's up,
'cause she's not dumb,
so I'll give it to you, sister.
But also, I got that leg
up in the air, bitch.
- [overlapping chatter]
- Get that leg up.
Now, Marcia, do you buy
Malaysia's description
of how it happened?
When you're up there,
you kind of just--
you kind of black out,
and you're like, I'll do this.
Um, either way, I--
I wasn't worried about anyone,
except for maybe, obviously,
the two on the end over there.
- [laughs]
- Yeah.
Now, Sasha, did you know
everybody felt that way
about you?
Um...
uh, yeah.
[laughter]
I'm not in my congenial era.
No, no, I get it.
I get it.
All right, next, after
Mistress won her lip sync,
she got a cold reception
in the Werkroom.
[muted scream] -
Let's take a look.
- Jax, right?
- Oh, my God,
- Jax, no question.
- Jax for sure.
Ugh, and I bet
Mistress is gonna
feel some sort of way.
But here's the thing--
Now, y'all knew
the heavyweight champ
- was gonna win.
- Oh, my God!
It was really nothing.
[laughter]
Ooh, why you gagging, honey?
Bitch!
Work.
We'll be honest,
we thought Jax won
that lip sync.
- both: Yeah.
- Oh, well, y'all need
to get y'all's eyes
checked, honey.
- Uh!
- So why'd you think Jax won?
She was very, like,
vroom, vroom.
- You weren't giving 100%.
- Yeah.
Whether you thought
I did a great job or not,
I'm still here,
so it doesn't...
- Absolutely
- Really matter to me.
Since the girls wanna start
reading as soon as I walk in,
they changed my whole mood too,
so I'm like,
let's get right into it.
Like, Loosey, I mean, I feel
like you definitely lucked out,
like, getting to pick Spice,
no tea.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Also, I didn't
take into account that
the girls who people didn't
want to go against would
be there to the very end.
"All of the girls that, like,
people didn't think were gonna
be good lip-synchers were
picked first, so."
And I was like,
well, you can go fuck yourself.
Oh, my God,
don't put that in there.
I didn't say that. Sorry.
Oh, my God, it's gonna be used.
No!
Mistress, what had happened?
The lip sync between me
and Jax is very--
it's two different types
of performances
and two different types
of drag.
My whole perspective
on drag is keeping
old-school and traditional
drag alive,
and that's how I perform
the song when it's given to me.
So I think in this day and age,
a lot of queens and a lot
of people at home are used
to seeing people kick,
flip, and split,
which of course I can do and
keep up with any of y'all...
[laughing] - But I think
that we're playing a game.
Some people are just
worrying about surviving.
I'm worried about winning.
I know
Jax is a great performer,
so either way,
one of us would've had to go
against Sasha and Anetra
because that's what was left.
So you obviously wanna
save something
you could showcase later
and get that upper hand, so...
- Okay.
- It's no tea.
[giggles] I still
think Jax won.
[laughter]
Okay, but here's my question. Jax.
- Yeah?
- You saw it.
Do you think
you ate Mistress or naw?
I--honestly, like,
I think it was pretty balanced.
- Like, I'm not gonna, like--
- I agree.
Maybe I'll take a note
out of, like, Luxx's book
and be like,
no, I fucking won that.
Um...
Well, I just don't do it
out of nowhere.
There's a rhyme and a reason.
[laughter]
- Hold on, let's not get crazy.
- Hold on, whoa.
Loosey, what do you have
to say?
Uh, I agree with Salina.
I do think that Jax won.
And the reason why I said,
at the time,
"Oh, my God, I feel like
you didn't really give it,"
is because you were
talking a really,
really, really big game...
- Yeah.
- Before the LaLaPaRuza.
I found it funny
that those girls were
saying that
because none of them are
in the finale,
none of them would've held
a candle to either of us.
all: Ooh!
I was just answering
the question that was asked.
I mean, we see who's
at the end and who's not.
[laughter]
Well, as they say,
all is fair
in love and lip syncs.
And speaking of love...
[gasps and oohs]
This season, Robin Fierce
and Amethyst admitted
to a preshow romance.
[gasps] - Let's take a look.
Now, Miss Robin, I think it's
time you spill the beans
about you and Miss Amethyst.
So Robin mentioned it
in "Untucked" that
we used to date.
There was a time that me
and Amethyst dated
for a short--
- Stop!
A short time.
Scissor sister.
[laughter]
I feel like it was mutual.
- We both had our own--
- They always say that.
Robin said you wouldn't
text her back.
[all exclaim]
Wait.
No, I said she's a bad texter
and I am busy, bitch.
Okay?
I will admit,
it was my decision
to not pursue things further.
Ultimately, I think we were
looking for different things.
And that's fine.
As of right now,
that chapter is closed
and will not be opening up
any time soon for me.
Okay, Robin. What do you have
to say about that?
I think that I remember
things how they happened
and some people have
drag delusion, you know?
It just is what it is.
Consider that stolen.
[laughter]
Amethyst,
what do you have to say?
The chapter is closed.
That's what I have to say.
All right.
So what advice do you have
for a queen
dating another queen?
Don't shit where you sleep.
Okay.
Have any of you other girls
dated other queens?
I turn the boys I date
into queens.
Yeah, they're all queens eventually.
I mean, all roads lead
to drag queens, right?
Now, listen, kids.
- I am the yenta of drag.
- Oh.
So I wanna know,
are there any other crushes
that you kids had that
I should know about?
- Aura?
- Yeah?
[laughter]
Not very pointed there, Ru.
I'm gonna have to say I had
a little crush on Poppy.
- Ahh!
- Oh, wow.
Do you guys remember
when Poppy left,
and she left a note,
and I think Mistress flipped
that paper and the note.
And what did it say, Mistress?
It said,
"Aura, please fuck me."
[laughter]
Poppy, do you still feel
the same way?
No, not this.
I'm embarrassed.
[laughs]
Yeah, it's 7 inches. Why not?
[laughter]
Aura, is there anything else
you wanna tell me?
Yes.
I have a big announcement.
Speaking of love,
I'm actually getting married.
I got engaged.
[all exclaim]
[laughter]
Everyone's still
on the guest list.
For gifts,
don't send me anything.
Just donate to
the ACLU Drag Defense Fund.
- That's great.
- Yes.
Thank you, ladies.
Let's take a break.
We're gonna be right back
with more
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited."
after this.
[RuPaul's "Charisma,
Uniqueness, Nerve & Talent"]
[singing]
Charisma, uniqueness
Welcome back to
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited."
Now, ladykins,
we have fan questions.
[gasps] - Ooh.
First up,
from Drag Race Live
at Flamingo Las Vegas,
it's Coco Montrese.
I have a question for Marcia.
Marcia, how are your makeup
skills these days?
Oh, and girl,
how fuckin' orange do I look?
[laughter]
I would say that my makeup
skills have
- most definitely improved.
- Absolutely.
Seeing yourself on TV
teaches you a lot.
And I'm very excited
to announce
a new project coming up.
Marcia x3 Cosmetics
is launching very soon.
It is some of my favorite
signature products.
Okay, cool.
Is it just eyeliner?
[laughter]
There is some ChapStick
in there too.
Oh, I love that.
Next question.
Hi. It's Asia O'Hara,
and I have a question
for Sasha Colby.
Now, you are indeed
every drag queen's
favorite drag queen,
but who is your
favorite drag queen?
And you can only pick one.
Oh!
It's gonna be a lot
of my friends are gonna
be really upset with this
if I don't say their names.
But my most inspirational
drag performer would
have to be Monica Munro.
She is a former
Miss Continental--
Continental 1994.
And if you YouTuber her,
it's pretty much
my whole drag
for the past 20 years.
- Thank you, Monica.
- All right.
Next question.
Hi, I'm DeJa Skye
from Fresno, California,
and I have a burning question
for the diva Robin Fierce.
Now, mama, I'm in the market
for a new flat-screen TV.
Can you give me
the drag discount?
We could get her
a good 75-inch, bitch.
I could sneak it out
the back door.
[laughs] - Ooh.
So, Robin,
you work at Best Buy,
- is that right?
- I used to.
[laughter]
Oh, my God.
This is when I took forever
to do my makeup.
So I would wake up
early as hell in the morning,
do the makeup,
go to work like this,
and then I would go
to the gigs right after,
'cause a bitch gotta work.
Did you sell more in drag
than when you weren't in drag?
I think I sold about
the same.
Some people didn't realize
I was a drag queen.
They would come in and be like,
"Hey, who's that lady that
I talked to yesterday?
She was so lovely."
And then they would point to me
and I would just be like,
"Hi."
[laughter]
- Out of drag.
- Thank you for that.
Next question.
Hi, it's me, Aquaria--
the bitch from New York City
and winner of season 10.
Irene Dubois, you were trolling
all your cast members
all season online.
Is it true that any troll
is a goal?
I just--I don't take
things seriously.
I love to have fun
with the girlies online.
I love to have fun with them
in the Werkroom, too,
but I didn't get a chance,
so online was all I had, girls.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
So which of you queens felt
that Irene came for them?
I blocked her.
[all exclaim]
[laughter]
- Are you for real?
- No.
Wait, who's Irene?
I'm kidding.
- Lying like usual.
- I think Irene literally--
every girl that
walked in that door,
- Irene came for them.
- Yes.
We just seen the one.
[laughs]
Was anybody offended
by what she said?
I mean, I don't think
it really matter
if we were offended,
'cause I guess karma got her.
- [laughter]
- Oh!
Still won more money than
you did this season, bitch.
Ahh!
[laughter]
I have to say, I remember
after the first day
meeting Irene, I went over
to Spice and I was like,
"They casting some mean queens
this season."
But honestly, once I really
got to know her,
there is a heart under
all that crazy.
- There really is.
- Thank you.
All right.
Let's go to the next question.
Hey. It's Derrick Barry, bitch.
And I have a question
for Loosey.
So based on some
of your tweets,
are you a queen who
blames it on the edit?
I was hacked!
[laughter]
- Down.
- Yes, of course.
Do you feel the way you were
portrayed in the competition
is who you are?
I think that it showed
a very specific side
to who I am,
but didn't show every aspect
of who I am, you know?
I know that I came off uptight,
but now I've let loose,
and all of that is gone.
Okay. All right.
And moms have questions too.
Ooh.
- Hi.
- Ahh! That's my mom!
I'm Robin Fierce's mom, Rhonda,
and I have a question.
Mistress, why were you coming
for my child about her wig
- in the first episode?
- Oh!
Lace was reflecting
from the duct tape
under the cap.
Prep is everything in drag.
She should have wore
a wig cap.
Vinyl duct tape
with all the lighting
was a no-no, baby.
Are you jealous of her,
Boogie?
Hey, Robin.
Thank you, Mama.
[laughs]
Well, there's
a very simple explanation.
I was in my chaotic era
when I first came in,
so that was the old me.
We're in a new era--
my angelic era.
- Oh.
- Very congenial.
So I'm sending you and Robin
my kisses.
And if you didn't like it,
have a blessed night,
as will I.
[laughter]
Okay.
Other moms have questions too.
Hi, everyone.
I'm Jane, Aura's mom,
and I have a question
for Spice.
Why did you say Aura should
have been in the bottom
for Snatch Game?
Don't you know she would have
sent you home
in the lip sync?
Ahh!
Oh, my God. Mom.
Oh, okay. Wait.
Ooh.
The moms are spicy, bitch.
I'm obsessed. I'm obsessed.
You know what?
Watching that back,
I remember I texted you.
I was like,
"Oh, girl, I didn't s--
It wasn't you
I was talking about."
And then I was like,
I said it was you.
what did I say?
'Cause I was talking
about someone--
I don't even know,
but, you know, you know.
But you would have
ate me up for sure. [laughs]
So Spice,
are you speaking English?
- [laughter]
- She's speaking Long Island.
You're speaking your
"hot and bored" language.
Yes.
The hot and bored girlies
will know.
They're, like, tuning in
to the frequency.
- You know.
- Well, good.
I'm glad we got that sorted.
[laughter]
And we'll be right back
after this.
[RuPaul's "U Wear it Well"]
[singing]
You wear it well
Welcome back.
This season featured our
biggest reading challenge ever.
Still, some of the reads
were never seen until now.
Take a look.
[inhales] Okay.
The Robin Fierce.
You know, after your run here,
you might have to change
your name to the Robin "Fine."
[laughter]
Werk.
Jax, I love
watching you flip...
from the top two
to the bottom three.
Oh, with you, girl.
[laughter]
Oh, Luxx, I love your gap.
- Thanks.
- And I'm talking about the gap
between your beauty
and your brain.
[laughter]
Blair St. Clair.
I forgot. I'm sorry.
Blu Hydrangea--
oh, my gosh.
Fuck, I'm getting
my twinks mixed up.
You know the difference between
Mistress and a brick?
- No. What?
- A brick gets laid.
[laughter]
Now, Sasha,
I know that the pineapple
is a sign of welcome.
Is that why you have
one tattooed
- on the inside of your lip?
- Ooh.
[laughter]
Luxx Noir London,
your teeth are so fucked up,
your tongue looks like
it's behind bars.
It's only one gap.
[laughter]
Anetra, we get it.
You can walk the duck.
But can you talk... period?
[laughter]
Aura Mayari,
more like
"bore to my eyes, eek."
[laughter]
Spice--you need some.
Mammethyst--uh, Amethyst.
No! No!
Now, not a lot of people
know this,
but when Amethyst first
started drag a month ago,
she expressed interest
in being my drag daughter.
And after seeing you
in this competition,
I can truly say
that will never happen.
[laughter]
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx.
I didn't know they made
a Fat Albert baby doll.
And I didn't know they made
a fat Cabbage Patch.
- [laughter]
- Oh.
- Y'all cut up.
- Damn.
Okay, ladies.
For the queens who didn't
get a chance
to read this season,
the library is about
to reopen.
Up first, Sugar.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Daughter, gather them.
- Okay.
Miss Mother, hopefully
I make you proud.
Irene, Luxx coined you as
the swamp witch of the season.
She's absolutely right,
because what witchcraft
did you pull
to only be in one episode
and still get
more screentime than Robin?
[laughter and shouting]
Clock that tea.
- Damn.
- Well, now that you went,
maybe I should do
a little read for you,
'cause I never got to read you.
- Ooh.
- Yes, ma'am.
My sweet Sugar, you know,
you and Michelle Visage
actually have a lot in common.
- Oh.
- You know,
living in someone else's
shadow.
[laughter]
Princess Poppy.
Aura Mayari,
all of those muscles
and only your ass is ripped.
[laughter and shouting]
You would know.
And the rumors are true.
I did give someone
on set COVID.
That's why all season long,
Loosey LaDuca had no taste.
[laughter and shouting]
- Irene.
- Okay.
Sasha Colby, Michelle Visage
said that you are
a whole lot more than a body,
and she's absolutely right.
There's also about
eight syringes of lip filler
and two buckets
of industrial-grade silicone
in your ass.
That's you.
[laughter]
Salina EsTitties,
I have met drag queens
with fake asses, fake titties,
fake lashes,
but you're the first one I've
ever met with a fake accent.
[laughter]
Okay, white girl.
- Let me do a couple.
- All right.
Amethyst,
or as Robin Fierce knows you,
arm and fist.
- Ooh.
- Oh.
And
Mistress Isabelle Brookes,
the only thing shorter
than those heels
is that life expectancy.
- [laughter]
- Okay, ladies.
The library is closed--
officially.
Now, because reading
is fundamental,
I'm happy to announce
"And Don't F$%k it Up:
An Oral History
of RuPaul's Drag Race"
is available this June,
wherever fine books are sold.
Now, where's the--
where's that book?
- Oh.
- Ooh. Ooh.
Yeah. Uh-huh.
See, Mistress,
that's why I can't have
a damn thing nice.
I enjoyed it, though.
I didn't know you knew
how to read.
[laughter]
You know, the queens
always create drama,
but this season had a series
of "gates."
Take a look.
We personally would love
to go with metal.
Does that conflict
with anybody?
- We want--
- We want metal.
We wanna do heavy metal.
[dramatic music]
Okay, well,
we're doing metal,
So I guess it leaves them
with country.
- We want metal.
- We're gonna do metal.
I think we're gonna
do metal, yeah.
I think that we should
just get metal, period.
Like, why do you guys think
you can do heavy metal?
I'm literally already wearing
the heavy metal hat.
I'm not taking it off.
It is Metalgate, baby.
The reason why I stood
my ground is because
I felt like their group
was being bullies.
I apologize if I made you
feel that way,
because that was not my intent.
And if you don't feel like
talking right now, that's fine.
That's all you gotta say.
[laughs]
It's not funny.
I'm laughing 'cause
it's fucking awkward
because we were already
in [indistinct] bitch.
Now you're trying
to piss me off?
I apologize if I made you
feel that way,
but at the end of the day,
I'm not gonna apologize
for how I felt in that moment
and for how it went.
And that's the same way.
And that's why I said
what I said.
Oh.
Beyoncé looks are really fun.
I loved wearing my look.
I felt really,
really beautiful in it.
Why weren't you pregnant, though?
I--she wasn't very far along
when she announced
her pregnancy.
You could see the bump
on the red carpet
in the orange dress,
and you could see it
in the performance.
I feel like you're insulting
Bey right now,
- and, like, I don't want that.
- I'm not insulting her
'cause she actually was pregnant.
I'm insulting you
'cause you had a corset on.
But she wasn't showing
in her pregnancy.
You can go back and look.
I don't have to,
'cause I know.
I know, too,
'cause I did the look.
The two roles that
I would wanna do
are Heaven and Christian.
I would also--
I'm also very interested
in Heaven.
Okay, so who's gonna
be Heaven?
I'm gonna be Heaven.
I would really like
to be Heaven.
My energy is very much like
this character of Heaven.
I don't--
I don't really see that.
I don't see it for you.
I want Heaven.
"No, I want Heaven."
Welcome to Heavengate.
Oh, my goodness. Okay.
Let's first start
with Metalgate.
Malaysia, why was getting metal
so important to you?
Honestly, just where
I've come from,
I've always had to, like,
prove myself.
And I think at that point, like,
with Mistress and Luxx,
it triggered me
because I was thinking about
a lot of things from back home,
because I know,
watching it back,
that they were having
a good time
and they were just trolling me.
Definitely Mistress.
And I can say that me
and Luxx weren't--
we didn't have that same,
like--
- Rapport.
- That--yeah.
That me and Mistress had.
Then I didn't understand your
personality and your sarcasm,
and you have a very dry
sense of humor.
- Very true.
- So for me,
everything that you said
or anything,
it was, like,
taken very seriously.
So in that moment,
I was just like,
"No, bitch.
I'm not backing down."
My biggest regret was, like,
calling them bullies,
'cause I know that sometimes
that word can
be a trigger,
especially for the fanbase,
and easily make them targets,
and they are far from that.
So, Mistress,
what's your take on this?
Malaysia's my sister.
We had that rapport already
at this point
in the competition,
and I actually didn't know
that they were being serious,
they were actually upset
about it,
till the "Untucked" happened.
You also like to push
people's buttons.
Yeah, no, of course.
I was having a good time.
That's what she said.
Like, it was all in fun.
That's why when it got
to the point
where I kind of pushed her
too much,
I knew where it was coming
from and I wish that
we could have talked it out
in that moment.
But also, we're kind
of the same person
where when we're upset
it's don't talk to us,
because bitch will be ready
to pop off.
Okay. All right.
Now, next up,
Beyoncé Baby Bumpgate.
Loosey and Luxx,
for the sake of the baby,
who was right?
- I was right.
- Luxx was right.
- [laughter]
- Yay!
The only thing I take
a little bit of an issue with
is that you claim that
I wore a corset.
I have never worn a corset
in my life.
You know that.
I may have misspoke.
I didn't mean to call it
a corset.
Maybe you were just
wearing a shaper.
Okay.
[laughs]
Next up, Heavengate.
When it came to choosing roles
in "Wigloose,"
things got tight.
Loosey, why do you think
the girls are coming for you?
I--I couldn't tell you.
The reason why I was so upset
with Mistress at the time
is that you had your role.
You were sitting pretty.
Like, you should have been
just good and happy.
So then when Luxx and I were
discussing who should
get the role,
I was like,
"Why is Mistress in this now?"
Like, why she gotta cut up?
I think, for me,
it was the constant bickering.
It's like, girl,
let's just decide
who does the fuckin' role,
but also--
You made the bickering worse,
though, girl.
I--of course. I'm Mistress.
That's what I do.
[laughter]
Why did you think Loosey
was being fake?
Through the whole competition
or this moment?
[laughter]
I'm not even trying
to be funny.
- I'm being serious.
- No.
- During the exchange.
- In this moment?
'Cause--so it kind of showed
and played through in the show.
In real life she was saying,
you know,
"I identify
with this character.
This is me,"
but the character description
is someone young
and all this other stuff
like--I mean,
that sounds so shady.
I'm not saying you're
a old-ass bitch.
That's not what I'm saying.
I think you just did.
[laughter]
So, Luxx, why did you
eventually give the role up?
I feel like people have
tried to twist it to me,
like, trying to twist
some sort of mind game.
I genuinely just saw that
Loosey was
very upset that she didn't
get the role.
So let me just give her
the role so everybody's happy,
because at the end of the day
we all have to work together.
But also,
from a strategy standpoint,
if she was to flub at the lead,
it would be a bigger flub
on her part.
- Oh.
- But that's just--
that wasn't even, like,
my main frame of thinking.
It was just a side frame
of thinking?
I kind of thought of that
after the fact.
- Ah.
- But I was like, hmm.
Now, Anetra, how did you feel
about Heaven's Gate?
I loved all of it.
Just 'cause, like, drag queens
fighting over anything
is always entertaining.
Well, ladies,
the Rusical turned out
to be so fabulous.
It's something you can all
be proud of.
And last but not least,
the 40-inchgate.
- Luxx!
- Yes?
- Do you know what this is?
- Oh, my God.
A 40-inch unit, I guess.
[laughter]
Wait, I think I have
a measuring tape.
Are we really about
to do this?
Yeah. Let's find out.
Yours is definitely
longer than mine,
but they're close.
Well, this is 40 inches.
Yours truly is probably,
like, the same length.
Yours just gets a little, like,
withered at the end.
Withered.
[laughter]
- Withered.
- Now, was your weave
40 inches or not, Luxx?
- You know--
- It wasn't.
In school, they teach you
if you have a number over 35,
you round to the nearest ten, right?
Well, I'd love to get
to the bottom of it right now.
[all exclaim]
Wait. I do have something
you can measure.
You can measure these legs.
[laughter]
I just wanna say,
in that moment,
I genuinely, like, as a sister,
was trying to look out
for my new friend
because I wanted to know
who had sold you
that 32-inch wig
and told you it was 40!
Hey, listen.
You watch your mouth.
My mother hand-made me
that wig, okay?
Your mom needs to get her
eyes checked.
It was a family heirloom.
Thank you.
How dare you--
Oh, that's why it was
so fried.
- Oh.
- No, I'm kidding.
It was a beautiful wig.
A beautiful 32-inch wig.
Well, I'm glad
we got that sorted out.
We'll be right back after this.
[singing]
The world is your runway
Welcome back.
Now, we are one week away
from crowning
America's next drag superstar.
Right now, let's talk fashion.
- Ooh.
- Category is unseen looks
from the eliminated queens.
Now, first up, Amethyst.
Rip Her to Shreds.
- Oh, she's silly.
- Oh, my gosh.
Tell us about this, Amethyst.
This is actually a reference
to "Dennis the Menace"
the movie.
There's a really bitchy
office worker
that I wanted to kind of, like,
make a character, like,
off of her.
I love the production
behind it all,
the storyline.
The picture on the right,
it looks like someone
just went--
and you went,
"Oh, not my gumdrop buttons."
You look like you are--
- What?
- I love it.
- The acting, it is--wow.
- All right.
Next up is Aura's
Night of 1,000 Beyoncés look.
Aura, tell us about this.
First of all, Beyoncé
is my ultimate, like, idol.
And I was so, so, so excited
for this runway
and just too bad
I couldn't--
I couldn't make it
to walk that runway.
This look is amazing, bitch.
I think it's sickening, mama.
Why weren't you pregnant, though?
[laughter]
Mm. Yeah. Yeah.
Next up, Malaysia's
Everybody Say Glove look.
- Ooh.
- Yes.
Oh, my goodness.
All right, Malaysia.
What's the story?
I wanted to make homage
to your line,
"Everybody say love."
And I wear my heart
on my sleeve.
That's why I have the
puffer hearts on the sleeve.
What do you queens think
of this look?
It's kind of giving, like,
sexy Mrs. Claus.
It's, like, really sickening.
It is cute. I love it.
Santa, baby.
Can you put me in touch
with the person
- who retouched this photo?
- Oh!
- Oh. Oh.
- Wow.
Baby, I'm the girl
in the picture.
All right. Next up,
Irene Dubois' Puffer Please.
- Ooh.
- Yes.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah. Who retouched this?
[laughter]
The best part
about this season
is going onto social media
and seeing what look
you're gonna post.
It's been, like, such a treat.
She's a look queen.
Yeah. Yeah.
Tell us about this look.
So I wanted to go more
vintage with the Puffer look,
so I opted for a cocoon coat,
like,
a Sunset Boulevard moment.
I'm very, very proud
of my package.
And to know my peers appreciate
the work that I put into it,
it really means a lot to me.
- So thank you, guys, so much.
- All right.
It's time to play
America's favorite game--
Toot or Boot.
- Uh-oh.
- Oh, boy.
Now, I'll show you a look
of this season.
If you like it, toot it.
If you don't, boot it.
- Here we go.
- Oh, no.
Up first, Sasha Colby's
Puffer Please.
Toot or boot?
- all: Toot.
- Tooty-toot-toot.
It's everything that
Sasha embodies.
It's fearless. It's sexy.
It's just everything.
It's so gorgeous.
And a little ho-y underneath.
A little ho-y, of course.
- Well, actually, a lotta ho-y.
- A little?
Up next,
Malaysia's entrance look.
all: Toot.
It's just so cute.
It's bright.
It's everything that I love
about Malaysia.
Marcia's
Beautiful Nightmare.
all: Boot.
Thank you so much, everyone.
Wait, I think I love it.
[laughter]
It's giving me,
like, "Monster High,"
- like, teacher.
- Thank you so much.
Irene, you booted this. Why?
It's... not good.
[laughter]
Up next,
Anetra's Crystallized look.
all: Toot.
- Mad toot.
- Ooh.
Anetra, I will say
this was rude
and you made us all look
rinky-dinky hokey-pokey
next to you.
Wow, it's gorgeous.
Watching her do
all the spikes,
I'm like,
"What did you just, like"--
it was amazing.
Loosey's Bag Ball look.
- Boot!
- Boot.
- I don't know what it is.
- Platform boot.
- Boot! Boot!
- What is that?
This is a toot.
I think it's
an experimental look
that will surpass time.
People years from now,
they're gonna go,
"That was the one."
[laughter]
Okay.
Yeah, I will tell
my grandchildren
that this is drag. Yeah.
This is drag.
Up next,
Luxx's Crystalized look.
all: Toot.
Shoot. I loved it.
This was actually,
if not my favorite,
in, like, my top two of, like,
anybody's runway
in this entire season.
Thank you.
Fun fact--that is Poppy's wig
that I have with me
right here.
Oh.
[laughter]
I don't, obviously.
I'm never getting it back.
Mistress's
Night of 1,000 Beyoncés.
- Toot.
- Boot.
I love this picture
of the three of us.
You, me, and Sugar.
[laughter]
- Yeah.
- I'ma boot it.
It's the nude cutouts
on the side for me.
Well, actually,
it's reflective spandex.
If you see, it's all
the same nude.
It is not reflecting
the right color, though.
- It's my shade.
- Ooh.
You know.
Up next, Jax's
Beautiful Nightmare.
- Toot or boot?
- Boot.
Oh. Oh.
I had an entirely different
concept in mind.
Things didn't play out
the way I wanted to,
so boot.
My mom would say growing up,
that girls don't fart,
they fluff.
So you know what?
This is a fluff.
[laughter]
I don't know what that means.
Inside the mind
of Sugar and Spice.
All right. Up next,
Robin Fierce's
Who is She? look.
all: Toot.
- Shoot.
- Gorgeous.
And, Irene, what do you love
about this?
I just think that this
is really--
it's, like, exemplifies
what makes Robin... fierce.
- Fierce.
- You look fabulous.
She looks like
an elegant lady.
I've known Robin her entire
drag career,
and she's always been
so beautiful,
but this was like a--
it was like the final form
of Robin Fierce.
And you just came out
and you just
- absolutely murdered it.
- Thank you.
And finally,
Aura's Beautiful Nightmare.
Toot or boot?
all: Toot.
I'm gonna toot the dress
and boot the acting.
Yeah.
[laughter]
- Very loose quotes, "acting."
- Yeah.
I thought I was killin' it, girl.
Girl, you thought
you were serving.
All right.
In a season
full of sickening fashions,
someone's gotta be the worst.
It's time for the prestigious
Golden Boot Award.
Please welcome last season's
Golden Boot Award winner,
fashion icon Maddy Morphosis.
Ahh!
Thank you, Ru.
Whenever people say it's
an honor just to be nominated,
they probably weren't nominated
for a Golden Boot.
Still, I'm thrilled
to announce
the winner of this season's
Golden Boot Award,
brought to you by got2b--
for whoever you wanna be.
Can someone let Taraji know
that I put a gold chain
on Papi?
[laughter]
And the nominees
are Marcia Marcia Marcia
with her
Tie-Dye to Die for look.
Jax for her
Tie-Dye to Die For look.
That was a rough runway,
wasn't it?
And Salina EsTitties
for her Metallica runway.
And the Golden Boot goes to...
[suspenseful music]
Salina EsTitties.
[cheers and applause]
Oh, pit crew.
Ooh.
- Ooh.
- Okay.
[indistinct chatter]
Thank you, Daddy.
Con-drag-ulations Salina.
Is there anything
you'd like to say?
I finally won something
on "Drag Race"!
[laughter]
We'll be right back.
[singing] Doo doo doo doo doo
Welcome back to
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited."
When I ask the queens
who should go home tonight
and why,
I never know what to expect.
Take a look.
Loosey.
Salina has been
in the bottom a lot.
Anetra.
Salina Es Titties.
Mistress.
If I had to be honest,
I'm tired of being at
the Sasha Colby Meet and Greet.
- Salina!
- I don't see future of drag
when I see Loosey.
- Sasha.
- I would send...
Loosey or Luxx home.
- Luxx.
- You know, I think, really
analyzing the lineup
that we have here tonight,
I would say that Sasha Colby
does drag on a level
that is clean, cut, concise.
But she just puts that little
extra thing on it.
Salina brings something
so unique
with her perspective.
It has so much heart.
Mistress, she also has
a unique spin on what she does,
because she's not afraid
to push the boundary.
That is something
that is very admirable.
You never know what to expect
from Anetra,
and I think that the unexpected
is something that I look for.
Loosey does what she does
exceptionally well.
However, Loosey's drag,
I would have to say,
for a lack of a better word,
is a little on the more
generic side.
Very congenial, aunty.
Everybody else on this lineup
brings something a little
different and unique,
so tonight I'd have to say
Loosey for those reasons.
Okay, first up,
let's go to Ted Talk speaker Luxx...
why did you feel compelled
to name check all the girls?
I genuinely do not know.
In my head, I wanted to give
like rhyme and reason to it,
so that's kind of why I did it.
It was very entertaining.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
So Loosey, how did you
feel about Luxx choosing you?
Obviously, not great.
I mean, it sucked, it hurt.
It really hurt.
I don't know
if I necessarily believe
that you didn't go in
knowing what you were gonna do,
'cause it seemed
very premeditated.
I fully didn't.
I'm kinda just really good
at talking on the drop
of a dime.
I just don't think
it was necessary
to punch down so much.
It hurt, it really hurt,
and I respect your opinion.
You can think that I am generic,
but it would have hurt enough
if you just called me generic.
- Mm, mm.
- It really hurt
that you went down the line
and said
this is the reason why
everyone here is a star
except for her.
You seemed to take joy
in doing that.
I did make it a point to say
that what you do,
you do it exceptionally well.
It took a lot of nerve
to say everything I do
has been done before
while wearing a wig
that was on the runway already
on a puppet.
- Ooh!
- I had never said that
everything you had done
had been done before.
Those were the words, Luxx.
Believe me,
it's engrained in my mind.
I never said
everything you've done
has been done before.
- Okay.
- It was inevitable
that somebody's feelings
were going to be hurt
by somebody saying
they should go home.
I did not take joy out of
answering the question.
I'm not a mean or malicious
person like that.
Looking back,
it did kind of suck.
It seemed like I was
dogpiling on you,
but that was not my intention
at all.
Luxx going down the line
actually felt really good
for me...
[laughter]
So, thanks for that, girl.
You know, I answered
the way that I did,
and I do apologize.
I was the first person
that answered.
I didn't know if anyone
was going to do
"this person's
my biggest competition."
I didn't know if people
were gonna do track record.
If I had to have picked
one other person,
it would have gone based on
the challenge
that we had just done.
- Ow. Who's that?
- I would have chosen Luxx.
Not because you hurt
my feelings,
but you're the only person
I could think of
who struggled
with the choreography
- in the Rusical.
- Me? I was the only person?
Yeah.
You were struggling
in the beginning,
and Mistress was struggling.
- Now why am I in it?
- And Anetra was struggling.
So how was I the one
who was struggling
with the choreography?
Luxx, you were the only
person who,
when we were filming
the actual Rusical,
you messed up the choreography.
I, like, turned
the wrong way or something.
If it was based
on that exact challenge,
that is how I would have answered.
All right.
And finally,
a serious question
for Mistress.
Did you, indeed, get a photo
at the Sasha Colby
Meet and Greet?
- [laughter]
- You know,
I didn't have my wrist band
on hand,
but of course I snuck in.
And I was like,
"Oh, my God, Sasha,
I love you so much!" Aaah!
And she stole all my merch.
But listen,
I did want an updated one,
so, aunty, look at the camera,
let's pose.
[RuPaul laughing]
What did she write
on the picture, Mistress?
Uh, M-I-B--
Major Intestinal Blockage.
[laughter]
All right, it's now time
for a segment we're calling
Celebrities Are Just Like Us.
They crazy.
Take a look.
- This is everything...
- This little latex moment...
Thank you. I feel like a--
like a condom a little bit.
Give walking protection.
Yes!
It's gonna be really hard
for me to not leave here today
and like follow you all.
Just, I ruin the season immediately.
You're the one posting
on Reddit.
[laughter]
I run that page.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
- Thank you so much.
- Is this vodka?
- Okay.
- There was no way around it--
I'm gonna sneeze.
Aah!
- Excuse me.
- Threw her back out.
I have to tell you something.
When I told my daughter
I was gonna be on this show,
she actually started
cussing me out.
"You didn't invite me?
Why didn't you--
What is wrong with you?
You're a bad dad!"
"Honey, I work with De Niro!"
"Dad, I don't care!
It's not RuPaul!"
Oh, my God,
you guys are so cute.
You're so pretty!
You do not look basic.
You sold the shit
outta that line:
"You can't get pregnant twice."
And I'm glad,
'cause it's a good line
that I gave to you.
Yes, thank you.
That Netflix woulda paid
a lotta money for,
but there ya go.
I love the show.
I love what she wore
on the runway.
It's very Celia Cruz for me.
Azúcar!
Prosthetic penises
are all the rage.
- I'm gonna get one.
- I'm gonna order one from QVC.
- I'll give you mine.
- That'd be the wrong color,
- Michelle.
- Well... really?
[RuPaul laughing]
- With that spray tan?
- Thank you! You know me.
Don't let the smooth titties
fool ya.
Their act is so cool,
but they were just saying
they wanna fuck you.
I didn't say
that I wanted to fuck you.
I just wanted to give you head.
No, I'm blushing
under my mask now.
[laughter]
Oh, Mistress, you so crazy!
- That was so inappropriate.
- Oh, my goodness.
We'll be right back.
[giggling]
[upbeat pop music]
Welcome back to
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited."
Every time a drag queen
bats her false eyelashes,
she's making a political statement.
And it's never been
more true than right now.
Now, Aura, you performed
with Maren Morris.
- Yep.
- Tell us about it.
Yeah, I had an amazing opportunity
at a benefit concert
in Nashville
called Love Rising,
which helped fund organizations
that help fight for our rights
as LGBTQ people.
And I'm very thankful
for what she has done
for our community.
She's using her platform
to voice out her opinion,
and I really appreciate that
about her.
And you live in Nashville.
What's the climate there like?
It's-it's scary.
I feel like I don't feel safe
just driving to work in drag.
I'm worried about my safety
at my own bar.
It's really disheartening
and sad to see
the progress that we have
made as a community
just being pulled back
so easily.
Robin, I understand
you hosted an event
at Yale University.
I was the first drag queen
to speak at Yale Law.
It was a... a very important
protest for them,
because a lot of the lawmakers
that are having laws
put against us
in the queer community
have studied and graduated
from Yale Law.
So I stopped by.
I did a Drag Queen Story Hour
where I'm reading a children's
book to grown-ass adults.
But it was fully in protest
to all of these heinous,
hateful laws coming into place.
I love that.
I love it.
Now, all you girls are touring
the country right now.
What is the climate out there?
I actually was booked
in Nashville,
and I can honestly say
I was like super nervous
and scared.
'Cause we know when certain
things like bills get passed,
like, it causes a uproar.
People have very, like, strong
opinions and strong views,
and I didn't know
if they would come to the club,
when what we do
is out of love.
But I think it's also
important to mention
that a lot of these bills
are secretly--
or not so secretly--
meant to target
trans men and women
who aren't drag performers
who just wanna live
their lives.
We are not the only ones
that these bills are targeting.
- Absolutely.
- Well, as a trans...
drag queen, I feel like
the legislation right now
is particularly zoned in
on people like me.
And I feel nervous traveling.
Like, what if, when I go
into the airport bathroom,
and someone recognizes me
that is not a fan
and wants to call the police because
I'm in their bathroom?
It's really the other side
showing their cards
and knowing that we have
displayed so much power
and unity in the past few years
that they need to just throw
anything at the wall
- and see what sticks.
- Right.
Because we are now more
out and proud,
those small minorities
are very loud,
so it's just so important
for all of us,
no matter where we are,
to speak up
and protest in whatever
little way is possible.
And it means
we're doing something right
if they're getting nervous.
- That's true.
- Exactly.
We are shining so bright
that they are so nervous
that they wanna
take away everything.
- Yes.
- And it doesn't matter
if you're gay, drag, trans--
all of it's the same to them.
You are absolutely right.
People who have
been used to having an
advantage in our culture--
these people are in full fear,
and so they're lashing out
at us
because we are having
a good ol' time
living our life,
and they can't stand it.
But let me tell you--
nothing is more powerful
than a registered vote.
Please remember that.
Now, this season, we had four
queens from Connecticut,
and the state government
has something to say about it.
- Oh, wait, really?
- Take a look.
Hi. I'm Lieutenant Governor
Susan Bysiewicz
from Connecticut,
and I am joined today
by our small but mighty
LGBTQ+ caucus
with one thing
that we'd like to say.
Thank you!
Amethyst, Robin, Loosey,
and Jaxx,
you've made us all proud
here in Connecticut.
You've shown the nation
what Connecticut has to offer.
And we are working every day
to protect your right
to be you.
Because now, more than ever,
the world needs bright lights
like each of you.
So thank you for
representing our state,
for showcasing your charisma, uniqueness,
nerve, and talent,
and for reminding everyone
the freedom of expression
is a human right.
And now it's time
to remind all lawmakers
across the country:
Love wins!
[murmuring, laughter]
They got every queer person
in Connecticut for that.
[chatter, laughter]
I love that.
That's great.
Queens, how does that
make you feel?
It's amazing.
This season was literally
Connecticut versus the world.
But it's amazing to be able
to put Connecticut on the map
and show that we have talent.
Um...[tearfully] I'm really
touched by that, actually.
I feel like growing up
I didn't really feel welcome
in such a small state,
and, uh...
[exhales]
I'm sorry.
[sniffling]
I think that just shows
that we're really
making a difference
in the world,
and I think we forget that sometimes.
And, um...
[sniffling]
my favorite thing to do
is to go to Pride celebrations
in Connecticut
because I see so many
so many kids and teenagers who...
look up to us,
and when they see us,
it makes them feel like
their life isn't gonna
be miserable.
- Yeah.
- And...
the fact that anything
that I've done
can make my state
feel like a more
welcoming place
really means
the world to me.
Keep shining, ladies.
Keep shining
because the kids need it,
and because that is our power.
Keep glowing
and keep being who you are.
Now it's time for a segment
we're calling
Gather Her.
Ladykins, if there's anything
you wanna get off
your chesticles,
this is the time.
Well, I have something
that I'd like to get off
my chest.
Wait--Irene? You?
I know, it's very shocking. Um...
I have heard
two separate things
from two different people
in this cast.
Mistress, the first thing
that you did
when you got on the phone
with me after you got home
was tell me that after I left
Loosey LaDuca made a comment
about me, saying--
'cause I was very open
about the fact
that I have had filler
on the show--
and you said that Loosey said,
"Irene doesn't even look
like she's had filler.
In fact, it looks like
her face is sagging."
And...
I confronted Loosey about that.
- What the fuck?
- And she told me
that she would never
say something like that.
So did you make that up,
or did Loosey really say that?
I did not make
anything up, but--
- So Loosey said that?
- Absolutely not.
I don't even remember
this conversation.
I remember it vividly.
I didn't talk to you
- for three months after that.
- Well...
I mean, I'm a lot of things,
but a liar's not one,
and that's all I'll say.
I would never say that.
Well, Loosey, I don't know
if I said that.
I don't know what's true,
but if you only had one day
on "Drag Race,"
you hold on to what
you have, so...
let's move forward.
I just have a question.
Who the fuck has my baby?
Oh, my God.
It's in my closet.
- Oh!
- Ah!
- I knew it!
- Anetra, why do you
- have her baby?
- Well, she's the father.
Oh! Okay.
No, I had the baby
because I was gonna do
Kristen Wiig
for the Snatch Game,
and she does a character
where she has baby arms.
And I do not have baby arms.
However,
Amethyst did have a baby.
What's fascinating
about this group, I will say,
is that I feel like
it's corny--
every season they're like,
"We're one big family."
And I feel like we are
in the sense
where I'm sure we have
all watched the show back,
there's been moments where were
like, "Oh, that little bitch.
I'm gonna get her!
She said th--"
But it's like when we're here
it's like
we're all hot, we're all
sickening, we're all talented.
It's like
brush it off the back.
You know, it's so funny,
every generation of this show,
there's more social media.
And it seems as though
the girls come here
and they are very aware
of, uh,
what people might say
about them on social media.
Do you feel sort of muzzled
by the impression you may
give to people on social media?
No, I don't, because
there's going to be
somebody out there
who does not like
what you're doing,
so you can't please everybody,
so just do what you gotta do
to make yourself happy.
Have you gotten a lot of
clap back on social media?
Me? Never!
Oh, no, yes, I definitely
have had my fair share
of hate comments.
- How do you deal with it?
- I block them.
I don't internalize them,
because they're all coming
from people
whose opinions don't make
any difference in my life.
- Yeah.
- I feel like as the show
continues, as well,
there's certain moments
with certain people
who maybe will
make the fanbase or certain
demographics of it
really get ignited.
For instance, like when Marcia
and I had our moment
on "Untucked" where we were
deciding who was second place
during Snatch Game,
my Instagram account
got banned three times
because all the [indistinct]
ganged up on me.
In those moments,
we don't feel like
we're necessarily like
truly going at it.
It's just like a bump
in the road.
But these people
feel so attached to us,
or they have underlying racism
or they're fat-phobic
or things like that.
And I really feel like myself,
and Luxx especially,
we constantly are like
just getting attacked
for just being ourselves,
and I don't regret any of it.
I'm a real drag queen.
This is what I do.
This is how I handle
my relationships with people.
At the end of the day, I think
there's some people in the cast
where, you know, they spoke out
and they've really said,
hey, this is not cool.
And there's some people
who just let us take,
you know, the shit,
but it's no tea.
Yeah, listen, I've been
doing this for over 40 years,
and people say stuff
all the time.
I am unbothered
by what someone might say.
So, you know, I implore you
to not take any of that stuff seriously,
'cause the best revenge
is living well
and prospering,
you know what I'm saying?
I also have something
to address.
What's that, Luxx?
Pretty kiss, Miss America!
[laughter]
I didn't get it.
[singing] 'Cause
you're a star, baby
Welcome back to
"RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited."
Now, all season long,
our top four gave us
a master class
in drag excellence.
Now, I wanna highlight some of
their very best moments.
First up, Anetra blew us away
with her electrifying
talent show performance.
Take a look.
[lip syncing] Quack quack
Quack quack quack quack
You better walk
that fucking duck
[laughter]
Walk that fucking duck
It's--do you smell that?
It's like something's burning.
Is that... my pussy?
Yes.
[laughter]
It is!
Oh, my God, it's on fire.
Does anybody have, like...
[laughter, cheering]
Like a fire extinguisher?
[laughter]
And stage reset.
I think there's
a fire extinguisher
in the back stage area.
Better walk that fucking duck.
Quack.
[laughter]
You have kicked
the zeitgeist
in the pussy
forever and ever and ever.
And you're going to become
a multimillionaire
with that phrase.
Get your knees ready.
They're gonna want it
for the rest of your life.
I love it. I love it.
Thank you.
Oh ho, my goodness!
My gosh!
Okay, so, Anetra,
what advice do you have
for anyone who wants to learn
how to walk that fucking duck?
- Keep that ass down...
- Uh-huh.
Quack, uh, really cuntily.
Knees high.
- And pussy on fire.
- Okay!
So when did you
first start mixing
your love of martial arts
with vogueing?
Oh, that was the first time, really.
- What?
- That's really the first time.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Oh, my gosh!
So some say it's vogueing.
Some say it's "nogueing."
Oh, lord.
What do you have to say
about that?
I would say it's vogueish.
[laughing] Okay.
And how are your "Walk
That Fucking Duck" merch sales?
I have made a pretty penny--
not millions yet.
But a pretty penny.
We're on our way.
We're working up to it.
I also know for a fact
that all her fans
for the meet and greet bring
her little rubber duckies.
Yes, oh my gosh,
they throw them at me on stage.
All right.
Next up, Luxx Noir London
wowed the world
with her House of Visage couture.
Take a look.
Luxx Noir London,
representing Africa!
Can we get some water?
'Cause that zebra is panting.
Tonight, the fashion girl
is in the building.
The flow of this top that is
made out of bed sheets
and curtain rod hooks is
just giving, like, the drama.
The garment is stunning.
Take that,
Garden State Parkway!
You could nevah!
She sewed those trousers,
which were a rug,
and the way she put it together
with the lines matching up
made out of that
is virtually impossible,
and she did it here.
This was top tier.
Just the details did not
look like amateur details.
This was a master class
in do it yourself
instant glamour.
It was perfection.
Love, love, love, love.
Oh, my gosh, gorgeous!
Now, Luxx,
what are the three things
everyone should know
about slaying the runway?
Have fun, pace yourself,
and try something new.
Now, when did you know this
look was coming together?
When I cut the pattern
for the pants
and I knew that everything
lined up,
I was like, oh, well,
she has it in the bag, honey.
[laughter]
How did it feel
on the runway?
It was one of my proudest moments
I think of my entire life.
To be able to do that
in front of the world,
in front of my idol--
it really just meant so much.
It was so good.
All right, next up, Mistress
gave a blowout performance
in the Daytona Wind.
Take a look.
Mothah... has arrived!
Big Daddy was my lovah,
and I loved him.
And he loved me,
and I loved him
right back again.
Reverend, handle light
weight, darling.
Oh, what--what--yes--
Reverend, you gotta do
what you gotta do.
Spare the rod, spoil the child,
Mama always said.
Hit dogs do hollah, honey.
Ooh! You got some
communion wafers?
Cut! Ha ha ha!
You're a motherfucking
star, bitch.
Thank you.
I'm fucking loving
what you're doing.
Our Fancy, she was really
fun to watch.
- Let me in!
- It started off with a bang,
and it kept getting better.
She commanded the room.
It's like, I'm going to
let you bitches have it.
Oh, my gosh.
Mistress! Have you ever done
any acting before?
I act a fool all the time.
No, I've never done any, like,
professional acting.
Oh, you made me laugh
so hard.
See, I feel like I was giving
a very serious performance,
looking back at it.
No, I don't know, like,
I think that's one of
my favorite things,
especially in my drag,
just bringing joy to people.
And, like, I wanna make
everyone laugh,
I want everyone to have
a good time
because that's what drag's
all about.
Now, um, I wanna know
from the other queens
what it was like acting
with Mistress.
I just know that
me and Sasha were in the back
cracking--like, we had to
like turn around.
Okay, cut, that was--
She'd say something,
we'd like bust out laughing.
It was one of the highlights
of my "Drag Race" experience.
She completely crushed it.
What you did
in that challenge, Mistress,
you could go right into
a sitcom today.
You know what
it would be called?
"Mistress."
You'd be the motherfucking
star of that show.
And finally, Sasha Colby
posed the house down
in the "Blame it on the Edit"
music video.
Let's take a look.
[lip-synching] Bad bitch body
I don't come and play
Best believe when I
stepped on the scene
Shitty hoes just run away
Dream-chaser, style-maker
Game-changer, bank-maker
Crack the code,
now y'all know
Sasha Colby run the show, ah
I love doing music videos,
so thank God it's literally
what I've been
trained to do, and I love it.
This is pop star boot camp, baby.
It's a lot to make it
look like it's not a lot,
you know, to make it look effortless.
I'm really glad I got to have
my video vixen dream
come true.
Yay!
You said, you know what,
I'm gonna show you
what it's like
[laughs] to be
a motherfucking video star.
[laughter]
The steps?
Sure, I got 'em.
I'm not only gonna do
the steps,
I'm gonna add a little
extra uh-uh.
Flicking the hair in sync
with the arm thing--
it's like, okay, I got it.
I'm amazed by you.
I'm the motherfucking
queen of drag.
I'm amazed by you.
Wow, so amazing.
This video is outrageous.
Now, Sasha, what can you
tell our viewers
about connecting
with the camera?
Because, bitch, you connected.
Uh, I...I don't know.
I love the camera, I do.
I just see, like,
who I wanna seduce
and cast a spell on,
and just lock eyes.
I learned that, actually,
from Monica Munro.
She just had this commitment
where she locked eyes
on a person
and she made you almost
like feel uncomfortable.
And I enjoy that.
No, I've seen Monica Monroe perform,
and you're absolutely right.
One of the greats.
Now, have you been
in music videos before?
I haven't before,
but I've had the privilege
of choreographing for many
"Drag Race" alumni
and their music videos.
I see. You know, listen,
you have a dance background.
You know how to make
complicated movements
look effortless,
and that's what you did in it.
Are you surprised
by what you saw?
Uh...
No.
I am very happy
with how it turned out.
Gorgeous.
It's absolutely gorgeous.
It really is a master class. Absolutely.
Now, next week
at the grand finale,
the competition continues
as our queens perform
show-stopping solo numbers.
And in the end, two queens
will go head to head
and toe to toe
in a lip sync for the crown.
The winner will receive
a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics
and a cash prize
of $200,000,
served by Cash App.
Fans, who do you think
should be
America's next drag superstar?
Are you Team Anetra,
Team Luxx Noir London,
Team Mistress Isabelle Brooks,
or Team Sasha Colby?
Let your voice be heard
using #dragrace
and tune in next week
for the grand finale
of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
And remember,
if you can't love yourself,
how the hell
you gonna love somebody else?
Can I get a amen up in here?
Amen!
All right, y'all,
let the music play.
[singing]
A little bit of love
Goes a long, long way
Lifting you up
to a brighter day
Can you feel the love?
A little bit of love
Goes a long, long way
Lifting you up
to a brighter day
A little bit of love
Goes a long, long way
Turn it around
when you up and say
Everybody say love, love
Love oh oh oh oh
Oh oh, love, oh oh
Love, can you feel
the love?